.\" ***********************************************************************
.\" *  Copyright © 2004-2007 Rémi Denis-Courmont.                         *
.\" *  This program is free software; you can redistribute and/or modify  *
.\" *  it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published  *
.\" *  by the Free Software Foundation; version 2 of the license.         *
.\" *                                                                     *
.\" *  This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,    *
.\" *  but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of     *
.\" *  MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.               *
.\" *  See the GNU General Public License for more details.               *
.\" *                                                                     *
.\" *  You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License  *
.\" *  along with this program; if not, you can get it from:              *
.\" *  http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html                               *
.\" ***********************************************************************
.TH "ISATAPD.CONF" "5" "$Date$" "isatapd" "System Manager's Manual"
.SH NAME
isatapd.conf \- configuration for ISATAPd
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B isatapd.conf

.SH DESCRIPTON
.I isatapd.conf
.RB " is the configuration file for " "ISATAPd" "."
Each configuration directive consists of one directive name, possibly
followed by one or several spaces and a value for the directive.
White spaces, empty lines and lines starting with '#' are ignored.

Directives are case-insensitive. A comprehensive list of the supported
directives follows:

.SH GENERAL OPTIONS
.TP
.BI "InterfaceName " "ifname"
Specify the name of the ISATAP tunneling interface which ISATAPd will
create. On some systems, this might not work.

.TP
.BI "BindAddress " "bind_address"
Bind the ISATAP pseudo-tunnel to a specific IPv4 address. This option
is required if ISATAPd is used as an ISATAP router.

.TP
.BI "SyslogFacility " "facility"
Specify which syslog's facility is to be used by ISATAPd for logging.
.RB "Possible values are: " "daemon" " (the default), " "local0" ","
.RB "... " "local7" ", " "kern" " and " "user" " (see syslog(2))."

.SH CLIENT OPTIONS
.TP
.BI "ServerAddress" "server_address"
Enable ISATAP client mode, and specify the IPv4 address (or host name)
of the ISATAP router. ISATAPd only supports a single router at the
moment.
In most case, the local ISATAP router has host name
.B isatap
within the local DNS domain.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
isatapd(8)

.SH AUTHOR
R\[char233]mi Denis-Courmont <rdenis at simphalempin.com>

$Id$

http://www.remlab.net/miredo/

