.\" ***********************************************************************
.\" *  Copyright © 2004-2006 Rémi Denis-Courmont.                         *
.\" *  This program is free software; you can redistribute and/or modify  *
.\" *  it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published  *
.\" *  by the Free Software Foundation; version 2 of the license.         *
.\" *                                                                     *
.\" *  This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,    *
.\" *  but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of     *
.\" *  MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.               *
.\" *  See the GNU General Public License for more details.               *
.\" *                                                                     *
.\" *  You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License  *
.\" *  along with this program; if not, you can get it from:              *
.\" *  http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html                               *
.\" ***********************************************************************
.TH "TEREDO-MIRE" "1" "$Date$" "miredo" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
teredo-mire \- Stateless Teredo IPv6 responder
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B teredo-mire

.SH DESCRIPTON
.B Teredo-Mire
is a test back-end for the Teredo IPv6 tunneling protocol. It listens for
requests from other Teredo clients or IPv6 nodes (through Teredo relays)
and answers to them statelessly. Currently only ICMPv6 Echo Requests
("pings") are handled.

.SH OPTIONS

.TP
.BR "\-h" " or " "\-\-help"
Display some help and exit.

.TP
.BR "\-V" " or " "\-\-version"
Display program version and exit.

.SH DIAGNOSTICS

To contact a teredo-mire responder, a valid Teredo IPv6 address must be
determined for it. The server IPv4 address and mapped client IPv4 address
parts should both represent the IPv4 address of the host running teredo-mire.
The mapped UDP port number must be 3544. The Teredo prefix and Teredo flags
are ignored.

.SH BUGS

.IR "teredo-mire" " uses UDP port 3544, and assumes it has a public IPv4"
address.

Neither RFC 2460 nor RFC 4380 are properly implemented.

.SH SECURITY

.IR "teredo-mire" " does not require any priviledge to run."

.\".SH SIGNALS
.\".SH FILES

.SH "SEE ALSO"
ping6(8), miredo(8), ipv6(7)

.SH AUTHOR
R\[char233]mi Denis-Courmont <rdenis at simphalempin.com>

$Id$

http://www.simphalempin.com/dev/miredo/

